Remove ancillary pages and corresponding menu nav items (#1484)
expressjs/expressjs.com: index.md

      <h3>Performance</h3> Express provides a thin layer of fundamental web application features, without obscuring Node.js features that you know and love.
    </div>

    <div id="middleware">
      <h3>Middleware</h3> 
      Express is a routing framework with minimal functionality of its own.  A lot of

>       functionality is contained in Express <a href="{{ page.lang }}/resources/middleware.html">middleware</a> modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Express is a lightweight and flexible routing framework that provides a minimal core feature set.
      Its capabilities are designed to be augmented through the use of Express <a href="{{ page.lang }}/resources/middleware.html">middleware</a> modules.
```

What do you think about this? I'd rather we state "minimal feature set" vs "minimal functionality"

Author: Thanks @jonchurch I agree "minimal functionality" does seem rather negative.  

Your suggestion is good, but on reflection, I feel we should be even more succinct, and just say something like 

```
Express is a lightweight and flexible routing framework with minimal core features 
that is meant to be augmented through the use of Express middleware modules (link).
```

If you like that, I'll amend the PR.

TBH, my original proposal was focussed on removing the pages with links to 3p sites, and I hadn't thought through the changes required to the home page.  But of course, it's of particular importance, so I appreciate your attention to the matter.

Reviewer: Love it ty rand, LGTM! (with the typo correction of "features that is" to "features that are")

Going to approve as is, bc we can always take a follow up PR if you don't get around to landing your newest suggestion.
